O365 fix (#22291)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_14_7.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue when an argument wasn't parsed as excepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *access_type* parameter wasn't parsed correctly after upgrading from pack version 1.10.2 or below.
```
